Hey, are you passing through the castle?
Yes, I am.
You're a ninja, aren't you?
You're not supposed to talk like that.
Can't you keep quiet?
If you keep quiet, I'll break your mouth.
Then I'll tell you something good.
If you fight with people passing by the hill,
you'll be in trouble.
If you throw a good stone at the hill, you can't run away.
What are you talking about?
Do you know the three-pointed sword?
What is it?
It's a sword that can cut through the mountains.
It's a fight with words.
If you win, you'll be lucky.
You're a ninja, aren't you?
You're not looking for anything.
If you tell me something good, I'll do it.
In the end.
Take Ms. Wakara.
Did I say anything wrong?
Elder sister, I would like to see if you can use beat.
But why is it that I am so big ?
Impeach that,
Hitshinjima,
Dis custody,
Dis building,
I think theältum's
that
that's
Hey, you're the one who's going to be a woman.
I'm the one, aren't I?
You look like a kaka, but you're not a kaka.
You took the teacher's classmate out,
and you're going to be a woman.
You're going to be a woman.
You're a fool.
No, you're this one, and you're the one, aren't you?
Oh, uncle, you talk too much.
How dare you look at me like that.
You're a cross-red change of mine.
Oh, really?
Oh, do that again.
You must beobra.
If you're a kaka, just tell him you're a kaka.
I herefied to take him with me,
dragging him all the way back to his tent.
I'm so tired of it.
I've been given cold water all the time.
I went to the back town of Yokobori and got water.
I was told to go to the toilet.
I'm sure there are many people in Kaka.
I went to my parents' house and took them home.
I'm so tired of it.
I've been given cold water all the time.
I went to the back town of Yokobori and got water.
I was told to go to the toilet.
I'm so tired of it.